Usage:

1. On first load you will have to select your log folder within your setting tab, this is stored in your VRChat folder, it will look somthin like this: "F:\SteamLibrary\steamapps\common\VRChat\AvatarLog"
{The GUI will restart upon setting this!}

2. Press the "Load Avatars" button to scan your log files
{Every time you log new avatars you will need to press "Load Avatars" to update the GUI}

3. Select your log type and search type, you are now ready to search your logs!

4. If you want to just browse your logs it is as simple as selecting your log types and navigating the logs using the "Previous" and "Next" buttons

5. If you want to take advantage of HTML browsing its as simple as checking the HTML box and whatever you search/load will be generated into a HTML file that will be opened by your default browser! This view will display avatars preview images, avatar ID and status (Blue=Public, Red=Private). Once you find an avatr you like its as simple as unchecking HTML, and searching the avatar ID in the GUI to bring up all its specific information!

5. If the GUI begins to run slightly sluggish,slow or your logs have gotten larger than you'd like them to be it is as simple as pressing the "Delete Logs" button in settings, once deleted logs cannot be recovered!

6. To utilise the Hotswap button first open a blank unity project and import your avatar SDK

7. Login to the VRChat SDK, create a new game object and attach a blank avatar descriptor to the object

8. Build & publish the blank avatar, give it a name, desc and tags before uploading the avatar

9. You may then navigate to the avatar you would like to Hotswap within the GUI

10. Enter the "Content Manager" within the VRChat SDK and copy the ID of your blank avatar and paste it into the "New Avatar ID" box and press Hotswap

11. The avatars VRCA will be automatically downloaded, unpacked, have its avatar ID swapped out with yours and repacked creating a "custom.vrca" file in the "HOTSWAP" folder

12. In Unity press the build and publish button again and when you reach the screen where you can set your avatars name fill out the fields as you would like (Be sure to tick the box at the bottom agreeing to T&Cs!) then navigate to your %temp% folder

13. In your temp folder locate the folder called "DefaultCompany", enter it and then open the folder with the same name as your Unity project

14. Replace the "custom.vrca" file in this folder with the one generated by the GUI and press "Upload"
Complete! You may now log on to VRChat and switch into the avatar you had just uploaded!

Extras:

-The "ALLOW API" option is disabled by default, if enabled this option will upload your logged avatars to a central database! This will allow us (in fututre updates) to create a public search of all avatars uploaded to the API

-The "LogOwnAvatars", "LogFriendsAvatars" and "LogToConsole" all do exactly what they say they do! These setting effect the mod and will reqire a restart of VRChat to take effect!

Issues? Open an issue in the "Issues" tab and I will do my best to resolve your issue!